<h1 align="center">Material You</h1>

Material You is a new project by Google that tries to unify android themeing and make one global style that applies to all apps. 
It was added in Android 12, so you will need Android 12. [Learn more](https://material.io/blog/announcing-material-you)

The themer plugin has support for it, allowing you to make themes that adapt to your system. 

This requires directly modifying the JSON file, so you will have to familiarise yourself with JSON.


### Getting Started

You are advised to [install this app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ch3d.material.color), which will allow you to see all colors generated by Material You.

Open the Themer Plugin menu and create a theme, this creates the JSON file that you will use for adding Material You values. 
In the Themer plugin add random colors to all the UI Elements you'd like to change (this saves time later in the process). 

Now that you have that, open the JSON file in your preferred text editor then move on to the next section.
##### Suggested editors
- [Vscode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (Desktop)
- [MiXplorer Editor](https://mixplorer.com/) (Mobile)

### Adding Material You Colors

Material You colors are separated into 5 groups:
- accent1
- accent2
- accent3
- neutral1
- neutral2

This is where the app comes into play. Launch it and you will see all 5 groups and different numbers inside of those groups which are different shades of that group. 

Every Material You color consists of a few components:
`system_ + group + _ + shade`, so for example `system_accent1_300`

Using the app, find colors you like, figure out the full name as described above and replace the number (something like -292992) with the string. 
Note: Strings are wrapped into double quotes, so your theme should end up looking something like this:
```json
{
    "colors": {
        "some-color": "system_accent0_300"
    } 
}
```

More detailed explanation can be found [here](https://discord.com/channels/811255666990907402/868419532992172073/898303519394758706).

